{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Qualitative Coding for St. Louis Street Closure Ordinances:\
\
1. This should be done with Microsoft Excel. For a template, check out the ward17_qual_coding.xlsx file in the Street Barriers Project Dropbox folder. This file has sheets for \'93matched\'94 and \'93unmatched\'94 ordinances.\
\
2. Columns A-H are obtained from the Waldron Tables file maintained in the Dropbox folder. For ordinances available online, there is a link to the PDF. (there is a search form available here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.stlouis-mo.gov/government/city-laws/ordinances/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.stlouis-mo.gov/government/city-laws/ordinances/}} )\
\
Ordinances before 1991 will have to be found in the St. Louis Central Public Library (see: AccessingOldOrdinances.txt).\
\
3. First, make sure the ordinance in question actually corresponds to the intersection listed in columns C and D. If the intersections in the ordinance and the spreadsheet don\'92t match, it\'92s possible that the wrong ordinance was copied down. Check the original Waldron table to verify that the ordinance number matches his number. If it does match, move this ordinance\'92s row to the \'93unmatched\'94 sheet in the excel file you are working on (as shown in the ward 17 qual coding file).\
\
4. Each column corresponds with information on the city ordinance. Any information that is missing from any column (not contained in the ordinance), fill in with an asterisk ( * ).  \
	billNum - Ordinance bill number.\
	Alderman - Alderman who introduced the bill.\
	Temp - Whether or not the closure was meant to be temporary. 1 = temporary, 0 = not 		temporary\
	durationMonths - If the closure was meant to be temporary, for how long was it supposed to 				exist?\
	Justification - Justification for the closure (i.e. \'93Neighborhood Stability\'94)\
	emergencyClause - Does the bill have an emergency clause? 1 = yes, 0 = no.\
	reading1 - Date of the first reading\
	refToCommitte - Date bill was referred to committee\
	Committee - Committee type. Will almost always be \'93STR\'94 for \'93Street Committee\'94\
	committeeSub - Refferred to a sub committee? 0 = no/blank, 1 = yes. It will usually be 0.\
	committeeAmend - Did the committee amend the bill? 0 = no/blank, 1 = yes. It will usually be 				0.\
	reading2 - date of the second reading.\
	floorAmend - Was there a floor amendment? 0 = no/blank, 1 = yes. Typically 0.\
	floorSub - Was there a floor sub committee? 0 = no/blank, 1 = yes. Typically 0.\
	perfectn - date\
	passage - date bill passed\
	approved - date bill approved (many will not have this)\
	vetoed - Was the bill vetoed? 1 = yes, 0 =no.\
	vetoOverruled - If the bill was vetoed, was it overruled? 1 = yes, 0 = no.\
	repealsOld - Does this ordinance repeal an older ordinance? 1 = yes, 0 = no.\
	repealed - Is this ordinance repealed by a more recent ordinance? 1 = yes, 0 = no\
			(this can be determined by putting the ordinance number into the STL ordinance 			search. any ordinance repealing this ordinance will show up as well)\
	repealedBy - if this ordinance was repealed, link to the ordinance that repealed it.\
\
	(Hint: When you search for an ordinance online, any ordinance that repeals it should pop up as 	well)\
\
	keptClosure - If this ordinance was repealed, did the repealing ordinance keep the closure in 			place? 1 = yes, 0 = no.\
	dateRepealed - If this ordinance was repealed, fill in the date on which it was repealed.}